Introduces Lerna + Yarn Workspace - replaces Rush for monorepo management (#9827)
OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react: README.md

1. `git clone https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react.git`
2. `cd office-ui-fabric-react`
3. `yarn`
4. `yarn build`
5. `yarn start`

This will start a demo page from the office-ui-fabric-react package folder, which will open a web browser with the example page. You can make changes to the code which will automatically build and refresh the page using live-reload.

To build and run tests for all packages in the repo, run `yarn build` from the root.

To build individual packages within the `packages/*` or `apps/*` folders, `cd` to the relevant folder and run `yarn build`. Note that because the packages are symlinked together, you must manage building dependencies in the right order, or use the `yarn build` script to build to the specific package you want. (See advanced tips below.)

### Testing

For info about testing, see our [testing documentation](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react/wiki/Testing).

> 

Reviewer: You should update this section, not remove it entirely...

Author: I'll point people to the wiki that we have for advanced builds

1. `git clone https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react.git`
2. `cd office-ui-fabric-react`
3. `yarn`

> 4. `yarn builddemo`

Author: I didn't think we came to that conclusion offline. I actually think it's quite convenient to skip the word "run" there. Yarn is pretty ubiquitous at this point, and it IS the way contributors will need to use for installs. So why not just go with yarn? I foresee a lot of question about when to use which tool if I swap back and forth between yarn and npm in instructions.

> 4. `yarn builddemo`

Reviewer: I think what I meant was after we talked yesterday and you asked me which of npm scripts or yarn I preferred, I thought about it some more and decided I liked the idea of npm scripts (for reasons mentioned above). Also thought that's what you were alluding to in this part of your comment replying to Kevin:

> The biggest point here is that we should gravitate towards npm scripts to provide the UI for the contributing devs. 

But I understand the concern of confusion due to different commands in different parts of the process, and ultimately I don't have a super strong opinion.

> 4. `yarn builddemo`

Author: I think it is consistency kind of thing. If you use yarn, you're in the yarn world... what I mean about npm scripts tho is that it is a standard location supported by multiple package managers. If we moved to pnpm, they'd support those scripts as well. I tend to like less typing, but it makes not difference if people want to use `npm run` vs `yarn`

5. `yarn start`

This will start a demo page from the office-ui-fabric-react package folder, which will open a web browser with the example page. You can make changes to the code which will automatically build and refresh the page using live-reload.

To build and run tests for all packages in the repo, run `yarn build` from the root.

> To build individual packages within the `packages/*` or `apps/*` folders, `cd` to the relevant folder and run `yarn build`. Note that because the packages are symlinked together, you must manage building dependencies in the right order, or use the `yarn build` script to build to the specific package you want. (See advanced tips below.)

Reviewer: I think it should say `yarn buildto` towards the end of the paragraph, not `yarn build`? Also probably remove the part about the advanced tips since now it's really right below this paragraph.
```suggestion
To build individual packages within the `packages/*` or `apps/*` folders, `cd` to the relevant folder and run `yarn build`. Note that because the packages are symlinked together, you must manage building dependencies in the right order, or use the `yarn buildto` script to build to the specific package you want.
```
